C:\Users\Cameron\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Cameron\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Cameron\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\Timetable_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Cameron\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\Timetable.g.resources
C:\Users\Cameron\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\Timetable.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Cameron\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Cameron\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Cameron\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\Timetable\bin\Release\Timetable.exe
C:\Users\Cameron\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\Timetable\bin\Release\Timetable.pdb
C:\Users\Cameron\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\Timetable.exe
C:\Users\Cameron\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\Timetable.pdb
d:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Timetable\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\Timetable.exe
d:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Timetable\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\Timetable.pdb
d:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Timetable\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Timetable\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\MainWindow.baml
d:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Timetable\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Timetable\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\App.g.cs
d:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Timetable\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\Timetable_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Timetable\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\Timetable.g.resources
d:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Timetable\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\Timetable.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Timetable\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
d:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Timetable\Timetable\obj\x86\Release\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
d:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Timetable\Timetable\bin\Release\Timetable.exe
d:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Timetable\Timetable\bin\Release\Timetable.pdb
